Two fixed point theorems (#1227)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/decidable-total-order-natural-numbers.lagda.md

pr1 (pr2 ℕ-Decidable-Total-Order) = is-total-leq-ℕ
pr2 (pr2 ℕ-Decidable-Total-Order) = is-decidable-leq-ℕ
```

## Properties

> ### Defining order preserving maps out of the natural numbers by induction

Author: what would you rather call it? Something like the following?

```suggestion
### Defining order preserving maps out of the natural numbers successorwise
```

> ### Defining order preserving maps out of the natural numbers by induction

Reviewer: The map is not really being defined, because it is assumed. It's just the proof of it being order preserving that is handled here by induction.

> ### Defining order preserving maps out of the natural numbers by induction

Author: Ah gotcha. Let me know if the new formulation should be revised further
